{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf400
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 


##My presentation videos are in three parts but they should be together when you click on next button
	1.https://youtu.be/q3F4Wkch5I0
	2.https://youtu.be/OWfPT7x0KGE
	3.https://youtu.be/_vNiLnL8KJ4


##Concept development: 
	As I have no experiences on even 3d modeling before but I am extremely interested in exploring more about mesh and 3d in openframeworks, so I decided to go in this direction on Final.

	I personally like to play VR game with an amazing headset that enables me to fully immerse in the virtual world the designer designed. But I was always frustrated when I am in a 3d world but I cannot see my body and hand and cannot have full sensory. Although developers are aiming at incorporate as much sensories like immersive sound, visual effect, touch and vibration to simulate the real life, we kind of loose the sense of ourselves. What exists in the virtual world are handles, buttons, menus and the beautiful scenes, which always gives a feeling of beinga ghost in a human-designed fake world. As VR has been so popular, the boundary between virtual and reality turns to be unclear. Only playing VR game for half an hour and after removing the head set, you would feel the sense of abstract and unclear. The transition in between would make me doubting which world is the real one. Thus even dealing with 3d, I want to create an experience for people to invite their physical bodies to join in, not only with their eyes and brain, to percept themselves. I would like to help people experience the existence of their body parts as well as enjoying playing with 3d world, to really experience the magic power in the real.
	
	My original concept is to let user themselves to expereience a magical moment or scenerio that they would dream to do or cannot fullfill in the realworld. Considering this, I started my mind from the books, comics, and movies like Harry Potter and Marvel and was fascinated by the concept of Telekinesis at once. No matter the magic with wand, Magneto or Chineses kong fu novels, there are always getting something, beating someonecreate, creating some stuff through the air. When I was young, I also loved the gesture of telekinesis and enjoyed the momment I rotating my hand and imagining something is happening there. Thus I am wondering could I apply this idea into interactive experience? Then I came up the idea of using your hand and the air as tool to attract and absorb the material from a 2d picture out of the paper/ screen to give them a thickness to looks like a 3d figure. Continueing building up the idea of telekinesis and dig in more about the gesture, as well as Marvel comics, I related spider-man to it. The gesture of rotating hand, move hand further and closer is similar to how spiderman emit his thread. Thus I decided to combine the process of creating 3d figure with the interative game experience of spider-man emitting thread: when pushing or retrieving hand, it controls the distance between hand and screen to control the thickness of 3d spiderman, when pointing hands out at the buildin, the spider would jump to the exact palce. I want to make people really use their physical hands to do some magics.
		
	1- In order to complete the function of turn 2d stuff to 3d, I planned to learn ofMesh to see how points, lines and quads control the structure as well as ofCamera and 3d stuff in OF;
	2- In order to create the interactive experience applying human body, I thought of leap motion, kinect, and openCV. As the limitiation of equipment and the potential after learning openCV, I finally decided on using color tracking or shape tracking through live camera video stream.




##Technical Process
1- drew the illustration of buildings background(which being proved later to be a wrong one to take) and spiderman
2- Getting use of the lightness and saturation of the illustration, I could easily break up a 2d picture into points and select the points I wanted to use to create a mesh. Setting them to be lines type and in order to connect the neighbor points, I use for-loop and index to detect whether the two points are closed enough to be connected together to make the primitives. 
3- In order to use mouse to navigate on the 2d screen and decide which body part you want the spider-man to be "thicker", I first setup two keys "w" and "s". User are able to create a thickness for spider-man along with z-axis or negative z-axis by pressing "w" or "s", you would hear the sound of ballon blowing up when pressing keys as a direct feedback of "inflating" a 2d pic. To make sure it doesn't look wierd when applying the thickness, I setup a circle. All the points within the circle could be given thickness. To make it continous and soft on the edge, I map distance between every mesh point and the mouse position to 0-PI/6, and use sine wave to make the thickness curve goes natural.
4- After pressing keys, I use the easy cam for user to see the 3d figure. You can click your mouse to rotate the spider-man in 3d world to see how your design. You could repeatedly blow the spider-man up by first double click the mouse to back to the original point and then press keys. 
5- As the background buildings are 2d graphic drew on canvas, and spiderman is 3d object drew in 3d space, I aways have problem to let spider-man jump to the exact building my mouse clicks. It turns out to be that I shouldn't mix up 2d and 3d together. Simply use the position in 3d space would make it much easier.
6- Besides, I also spent lots of time exploring how camera works, the relationship between screen, camera, and the world; how to use openCV to track the color contour or specific shape, for example hough circle, blob; video grabber, how  pixels are drawn from video stream to canvas; how to use grayscale and add blur to background to extract what we want,etc.


